adding some docs about things out of the scope of Flame (#1069)
flame-engine/flame: doc/README.md

[awesome flame repository](https://github.com/flame-engine/awesome-flame#articles--tutorials),
It contains quite a lot of good tutorials and articles written by the community to get you started
with Flame.

> ## Out of the scope of the engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Outside of the scope of the engine
```

> Games sometimes require complex faturesets depending on what the game is all about. And some of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Games sometimes require complex feature sets depending on what the game is all about. And some of
```

> those faturesets are out of the scope on the Flame Engine ecosystem, in this section you can find

Reviewer: ```suggestion
those feature sets are outside of the scope of the Flame Engine ecosystem, in this section you can find
```

them, and also some recommendations of packages/services that can be used:

> ## Multiplayer (netcode)

Reviewer: Since this, and the rest, are subsections to "Outside of the scope of the engine" they should have `###` instead of `##`.

> ## Multiplayer (netcode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multiplayer (netcode)
```

> Flame don't bundle any network feature, which may be needed to write online multiplayer games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flame doesn't bundle any network feature, which may be needed to write online multiplayer games.
```

If you are building a multipler game, here are some recommendations of packages/services:

 - [Nakama](https://github.com/Allan-Nava/nakama-flutter): Nakama is an open-source server designed
 to power modern games and apps.
 - [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/): Provides dozens of services that can be used to write
simpler multiplayer experiences.

> ## External assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### External assets
```

> Flame don't bundle any helpers to load assets from a external source (external storage or online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flame doesn't bundle any helpers to load assets from an external source (external storage or online
```

sources).

> But most Flame's API can be loaded from concrete assets instances, for examples, `Sprite`s can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But most of Flame's API can be loaded from concrete asset instances, for examples, `Sprite`s can be
```

created from `dart:ui`s `Image` instaces, so the user can write custom code to load images from
anywhere they need, and then load it into Flame's classes.

> Here are some suggestions for http communication pacakages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some suggestions for http client packages:
```
